welcome back to movietella
this time i'm going to treat you to a
2007 post-apocalyptic action thriller
film called i am legend
three years after the outbreak in 2012
u.s army virologist ltc robert neville
lives an isolated life in the deserted
ruins of manhattan unsure if any other
uninfected humans are left
neville's daily routine includes
experimenting on infected rats to find a
cure for the virus searching for food
and supplies and waiting each day for
any survivors who might respond to his
continuous recorded radio broadcasts
which instruct them to meet him at
midday at the south street seaport
flashbacks revealed that his wife zoe
and daughter marley died in a helicopter
accident during the chaotic evacuation
of manhattan as the military was
enforcing a quarantine of the island
neville himself stayed behind with other
military personnel
neville's only companion is his german
shepherd samantha and to cope with his
loneliness he regularly talks to some
mannequins and the characters on film
recordings from video stores
at night he barricades himself with sam
inside his heavily fortified washington
square park home to hide from the
darkseekers
one day as neville hunts a deer sam
pursues it into a dark building
neville cautiously goes in after her and
locates the deer's corpse along with sam
but discovers the building is infested
with dark seekers
both escape unharmed and the attacking
darkseekers are killed by the sunlight
neville finds a promising treatment
derived from his own blood so he sets a
snare trap and captures a female dark
seeker
a male dark seeker attempts to pursue
them but is halted by the sunlight and
returns to the shadows
back in his laboratory in the basement
of his house neville treats the females
seemingly without success
the next day neville notices fred a
mannequin usually at the local video
store positioned outside grand central
terminal and shoots him in confusion
however neville realizes he is being
watched by the dark seekers from within
nearby buildings
as he approaches fred's body he is
ensnared in a trap similar to the one he
used to capture the female and is
rendered unconscious after hitting his
head
by the time he wakes up the sun is
setting and he is attacked by infected
dogs
neville and sam eliminate them but sam
is bitten during the fight
neville injects her with a strand of his
serum but when she shows signs of
infection neville is forced to strangle
her to death before she turns
heartbroken and driven by rage neville
ventures out and deliberately attacks a
group of dark seekers the following
night before he is rescued by a pair of
immune humans anna and a young boy named
ethan who have traveled from maryland
after hearing his broadcast
they transport the injured neville back
to his home where anna explains that
they survived the outbreak aboard a red
cross evacuation ship from sao paulo and
are making their way to a survivor's
camp in bethel vermont
neville argues that no such survivor's
camp exists and continues working to
cure the female darkseeker
the next night a group of dark seekers
who tracked anna and neville the night
before invade the house
neville anna and ethan retreat into the
basement laboratory sealing themselves
in with the female test subject
discovering that the last treatment was
successful neville assesses the
situation as the dark seeker alpha male
rams himself against a glass door to
break in
the alpha male dark seeker creates a
butterfly shape while attempting to
break through the glass to the
laboratory
neville realizes he is referencing the
butterfly-shaped tattoo on the female
darkseeker's neck and that the alpha
male is trying to recover his mate
neville puts his gun down and returns
the female
neville and the alpha male stare each
other down where neville apologizes to
the latter after seeing tears roll down
the alpha male's eyes
the alpha male contemplates killing
neville but departs with the rest of his
clan
once they are gone a shocked neville
looks over at the many photographs of
his test subjects and realizes that he
has become a monster in the eyes of the
infected showing remorse for the
experiments he has undertaken over the
years
the next morning neville abandons his
research and heads along with anna and
ethan to vermont as a changed man in the
hope of finding the survivor's colony
they cross the george washington bridge
while anna delivers a hopeful monologue
ending with the statement you're not
alone
if you enjoyed this video help me grow
my channel by subscribing